weather: sunny,

mood: okay

---

Today was warm, the rest of the week is going to warm. I'm probably going to the office for the entire week.

A couple friends that visited me the week before last week caught covid, this makes me think of buying some more face masks.

Alright I'm getting facemasks. Done.

---

I saw someone online saying they feel like they're being 'forced' by themselves to go outside to enjoy the sunny weather, while in reality they just want to close the blinds and play video games.

Maybe the same things are happening to me as well, just in reverse. I've been 'forcing' myself to play or 'clear backlogs' of my video games, and some times I open up a video game but feel like doing chores while playing it. What's related to this is that also today, I heard a quote saying something along the line of 'During work you are spending your time in exchange for money, after work you are spending your money in exchange of quality or fun time'. Might not be exactly right but this is my interpretation of it. What's the point of doing anything if I'm not enjoying it? Even if everyone says it's a great game it doesn't matter to me. I have to decide for myself, at any given point of time, what's good for me and what's not.

By the way here's an idea for an open source application: 

- Monolithic Client app for multiple social/banking platform.
- No or minimal backend.
    - by minimal backend, it could be user host their own backend database. I don't wanna deal with handling personal data lol
- user get API token from their social media account or banking accounts.
- user create their workflows/monitoring/notification system
    - example 1: track spending patterns via banking api
    - example 2: get creative with twitter api, create your own timeline?
    - example 3: custom reddit interface?

The challenge is that if I make it too easy to use, it loses customizability, if I make it too customizable, user might as well write their own client from scratch. So a good first step might be creating it for my own use, if ppl like it they can push and host their own.