Weather: overcast, chill

Mood: a bit down

---

### Pretext

Today I followed a yoga tutorial video. It was surprisely challenging for me who has been consistently going to the gym/working out for 5 years now. The flexibility part was expected but I feel like I unironically maxed out my wrist and forearm too.

> Random thoughts pops up from your mind, but it's up to you to decide whether to 1. follow along or 2. acknowledge it and move on. - Breathe and Flow youtube channel

I have had this experience before. While driving down California highway 1 from San Francisco down to Monterey. It was a two-way lane, with one lane for each direction. I was driving a rental Dodge charger which was pretty sweet, but also pretty large and wide. Then one random thought came up, 

_what if I somehow decide to change lane onto the incoming traffic? What if I have a sudden mental illness right now and decide to do so? What if I was drinking or using drugs just before I started driving but just realized, which could also easily lead to the decision?_

The answer to the last question was a easy no, I was not under any influence, which thankfully put my unresting thoughts to rest. But still the very first random thought that triggered these questions bothered me until this day. And once I heard the quote, I realized that I have been overthinking it for way too long. And I have finally found closure.

---

Finally putting away some time to journal. I haven't done this because I was afraid of my feelings, thoughts. I was afraid of overthinking (or at the time I thought it was rational thinking) over those thoughts and discovering how evil I truly am, for example the thought above to drive onto the oncoming traffic randomly. I also read a reddit comment from someone who claims to be a psychiatrist that writing down thoughts is a form of acknowledging them so here I go giving it a try. Maybe I can be my own psychiatrist, by writing my thoughts down today, then read them the next day or during the weekend. This might work the same way as rubber-duck-debugging, where speaking out or writing down my thought process gives me a different perspective, and helps identifying what is what. 

Off topic here, I realized that I'm writting in pretty long paragraphs and maybe it's better to break them up a little. Maybe there's an alternative universe where I studied literature and help present me proof-read it. Or present me read them again tomorrow and realize how dumb I was the night before. Or I spend too much time playing video games and forgot about it until next year.

Back on topic. While I haven't been working on journaling or blogging I was kind of addicted to video games, or browsing internet, youtube, reddit, twitch etc. One thing those things have in common is they don't require my thoughts. I can pretty much live in this "world" constructed by internet or people on the internet, where the internet "thinks" for me, rarely do I pause it, and think about the things/opinions they say because of two things:

1. laziness
2. I let their thoughts override mine because they're famous?

Okay maybe primarily 2. But I realized no matter how many times I let them override my contradicting feelings/thoughts, those thoughts/feelings comes back. So I think maybe it's time to change that and instead of over-valuing their thoughts over mine, I should focus on my thoughts and feelings and choose which to follow and which to acknowledge and leave alone.

This is a long rant because I have been closed up for so long. It's bed time so I have to wrap it up. That said the following journals might be much shorter and depending on my feelings to write more or write less.

BTW the blog app is not even finished, I was just writing on VS code's markdown editor. Tomorrow I will be working on:

1.  this blog web app and 
2. also write about my first design review meeting on my current job which is super interesting.
3. maybe if I have time rant a little bit about my job :P












