weather: sunny,

mood: fine

---

Haven't been talking to my girlfriend or ex for about a week now, not really sure what to go about it. I feel like often time I'm overthinking it, like a lot of other human interactions, relationships. I care too much about this aspiration of making the other person happy, guessing his/her feelings and what I should or should not say. What my friends would say about me, what they would think about me. And it ended up with me all alone, for better or for worse? 

Maybe I should think more for my own happiness, what I enjoy doing, what I want to be like in 5 years, and map out how I can get there year by year, month by month, week by week. For example, if I want to stay fit in 5 years, I should keep daily exercises a habit. Scratch that, because I don't really know what I want to be like in 5 years, future is so uncertain. Or I should focus on self improvement? Gaining skill equals more career options also equals more opportunities to make friends.

And then there's the biggest problem I have. I cannot seize opportunity to make friends. I had some shots with my neighbours, with my colleagues at the office. But I somehow fumbles all of them by not engaging in any human interaction or shying away.

Is it because I used to have no issue socializing, and now my brain is slow in dealing with social scenarios that I just fear them now? Also I need to be more proactive, because after covid, people seem to be more passive in those scenarios.

Or is it because I become too egotistic, that when I used to socialize I felt the need to get help from others, now whenever I face challenge, I always blame it on myself not being good enough to take it on my own? This is more likely the case. 

It all makes sense. I'm so narcisist that I denies socializing, because I would consider relying on others weak. Also when having conversation I would talk way too much about myself, maybe theres another reason for this but maybe not. I'm too self-centered, even though not sure where it came from. I always have this vision that other people are unreliable, and the only person would cater to my need 100% is me and my family. I spend too much time thinking about myself. 