Weather: sunny

Mood: okay

---

Not much to write about today, went out to have seafood for dinner with a friend, talked a lot about video games. Then came back home realizing it's already 9 pm, followed another yoga class, which is pretty relaxing despite some challenging poses. I can feel my shoulders and wrists a lot.

-----

Playing video games does not bring joy or fulfillment to me anymore. Sometimes I feel attracted to the idea of playing video games to enjoy myself, but ended up not getting those enjoyments. 

Shooter games like doom eternal brings thrill, I like the feeling of getting surrounded by enemies, and then hit a flawless combo of quick-swap shots to breakthrough. This makes me feel a lot better and releases tension after a stressful day. Same thing goes for Risk of Rain 2, but part of it is also because of the sound track I guess.

Games that involves a lot of story telling rarely gains traction from me. I played through _The Last of Us_ pretty fast, because I always wanted to get through the zombies section to the next checkpoint for the sensation of relax. Like hitting bonfire checkpoint in souls-like game maybe. On the contrary, Red Dead Redemption 2 felt like a chore some times. I know I hated the horse-riding section and survival aspect. So I guess it's not the story telling that I don't like, it's when story-telling and immersion mechanism interrupts the gameplay.

Okay I feel like today's thought train is not going anywhere so I will leave this as is.

Tomorrow I'm going to do some heavy squat in the morning before work, after 2 days of yoga training, exciting to see how it works. And hopefully get some time to practice guitar before bed. Aaaand maybe work on the blog app a lil bit. Aaaaand obi wan kenobi?





